Adventure Pack by Naughty Klaus has one big goal: To bring a fantasy-style adventurers guild to Minecraft.

This will include quests, custom monsters, a ranking system, and currency.

Currently we have:

Copper, Silver and Gold coins.

Economy:

Create an interface to 'bank' currency.
Develop a way to efficiently trade currency with other players.
Develop interfaces for guild stores such as alchemy / potions, food, and blacksmithery.

Guild Benefits:

Create Rank system - Start out as E rank, progress by completing quests. Potential ranks: E, D, C, B, A, S.
Develop a quest board block. This can be crafted by anyone and placed in their homes to receive quests.
Develop the quest system - Completing quests gains experience towards leveling your rank.
Develop rank trials - Special quests that require defeating tougher enemies than current rank.

World:

Develop custom structures. These are typically ruins that contain tough enemies and lost technology. Examples:
Ruined fort, dungeon, ocean spigot (Tower protruding from the ocean), sky fortress, ruined sky fortress

NPCs:

Custom blacksmiths, alchemists, and cooks can be found in villages, they trade for copper, silver and gold coins.
Monsters such as Goblins, Trolls, Orcs, Snow Elves.
Elite variants of monsters known as generals.
Boss monsters such as drake/wyvern, dragons, naga.

Items / Blocks:

Floatstone - Just a copy of stone that supposedly make floating islands make sense, essentially cosmetic.
Goblin Ear - Quest item for kill goblin quests
Troll Toe - Quest item for kill troll quests
Orc pauldron - Quest item for kill orc quests
Frost nails - Quest item for kill snow elf quests

Weapons / Tools / Armor:

Copper Scale Armor
Orc brassard - Leather body + Orc pauldron, or also dropped by Orcs
Orc tassets - Dropped by Orcs
Frostweave body - Dropped by Snow Elves
Frostweave legs - Dropped by Snow Elves
Frostweave boots - Dropped by Snow Elves, has Frostwalker enchantment.

Frostbow - Unique bow weapon dropped by Snow Elves, can only fire Ice Arrows.
Ice Arrow - Unique arrow, can only be fired by Frostbow.
Troll club - Wooden club, strong as iron axe.
Goblin knife - Dropped by Goblins, strong as iron sword.

Adventurer's Journal - Book & Quill clone but without a signing function. Players start with this book.

Sextant - Made of a clock + 4 copper ingots, the sextant enables the users to find their coordinates
without the use of their F3 debug menu. Additionally, it may also feature a waypoint system.